I am currently an engineering student from a government-funded Indian college. My dad is the only earner in the family of three. Considering all the expenses, it would not be feasible for my parents to pay for this course since I intend to complete the whole specialization. Being from a poor country makes it impossible for me to afford the course, and given the level of education in my college the course is important to me. I hope in the future I can pay for the courses, but as of now, I need this course with financial aid. I would be much obliged if coursera can grant me my financial aid request so I can move forward with completing the course. I fully intend to honor the Coursera's Honor Code and follow the rules and guidelines set forth for ethical behavior. This certificate is more than just a badge of completion for me and so I will do my best to maintain highest of standards while participating in this course. I will make full use of the forums in case of questions related to the course and also help out whenever I can in the community in general.


I am currently pursuing a Bachelors in Computer Science Engineering, and software development is my area of interest. I have been trying to learn basics of Software Development on my own for a year now, but without proper guidance I am finding it difficult to proceed on my own. A course certificate would not only bolster my self-confidence but help me later in finding a job. I have finished many courses on coursera before and all of them were building towards this course. I fully intend to honor the Coursera's Honor Code and follow the rules and guidelines set forth for ethical behavior.  This certificate is more than just a badge of completion for me and so I will do my best to maintain highest of standards while participating in this course. I will make full use of the forums in case of questions related to the course and also help out whenever I can in the community in general.

As mentioned above, I cannot afford a loan in the near future. I still have two years of college to go and no source of income. I will consider buying courses or loans when I can afford it, but until then I am afraid financial aid is the only option for me. 

T1642434G 